Xiao Junlin, what are you doing?
That's the position of the Lord's Landing
Don't think there's King's Landing in the name
He is the famous Lord's Landing
Kneel down for me now
Xiao Junlin
I'm afraid you didn't hit the horse two days ago.
Play dumb
Treat if you are sick
Don't embarrass yourself here
If you dare to beat my husband, you will think you are poor
You accidentally forget
I'll tell you what.
I want you to pay
Miss Xiao Junmin Wang Family
Hua Hu Jinran is for you to take a photo with him
It's not for you to take his seat
Come down quickly
Don't let him go to the military
Do you think there will be a
I am the Lord of King's Landing
If he were King's Landing
I eat shit upside down
Xiao Junlin, I don't know what kind of person you are
You are a waste of screws in the factory
Dreaming all day fantasizing about being an adult
I'll tell you what.
You just read too many novels.
Xiao Junli will be off soon.
Lord Barehanded will be here soon
Somebody shoot him down
Red Hands
Lower Nanzhou contestants see the emperor